Add support to XD60 Rev3 (#4938)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/xd60/readme.md

![Top View of a pair of XD60 Keyboard](https://i.imgur.com/3Jq2743.jpg)

Keyboard Maintainer: QMK Community  

> Hardware Supported: XD60 PCB rev2 & rev3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hardware Supported: XD60 PCB rev2 & rev3  
```

You'll need a few spaces for proper markdown support.

Hardware Availability: https://www.massdrop.com/buy/xd60-xd64-custom-mechanical-keyboard-kit?mode=guest_open

> With the implementation of Rev3 you need to specify the Rev you want to built.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the implementation of Rev3 you need to specify the Rev you want to build.
```

> To built for a Rev2 with a default layout:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build for a Rev2 with a default keymap:
```

```make xd60/rev2:default```

> To built for a Rev3 with a default layout:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build for a Rev3 with a default keymap:
```

```make xd60/rev3:default```

> See [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/build_environment_setup.html) then the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/make_instructions.html) for more information.

Reviewer: We have a new updated statement now. 

```suggestion
See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).
```
